I'm sorry, waste sister
How about a prisoner exchange?
Childish, you think this will make me give in
I count to three
If you don't kneel down for me
I'll have someone break one of his legs
You dare Xu Yuan to prepare
Aren't you afraid I'll break one of his legs too?
Good. I'll have one of his legs broken
It's fair that you broke one of Zhao Cai's legs
brother
Cadet, prepare me to count to three and you will hit hard
You're going to keep hitting one of his legs.
I'll break one of your legs
Shen Qingyan, let's count together.
2 Ah, who is afraid of whom?
Do you want to fight the boss?
If I were Shen Qingyan
I don't know what to do.
I admit defeat
President Jiang
Humph me
That's expensive. That's all you save.
Are you watching?
It's not a 7:30 trick to win
What's wrong with this?
There are many such things
Can you let him go?